Check the Size of the Jailer ID Against a Minimum Value (#799)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Seccomp filters are now applied to all Firecracker threads.
- Enforce minimum length of 1 character for the jailer ID.

> - Exit with error code when starting the jailer process fails.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
 - Exit with panic when starting the jailer process fails.
```

Author: I think panic is something too rust specific, that's why I wrote error code. What I was trying to say here is that firecracker exit code != 0 in case of error.
